Adding another section to the SAML troubleshooting docs (#93493)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/troubleshooting.asciidoc

{kib} in addition to using the SAML realm for Single Sign-On, you must enable
the `basic` `authProvider` in {kib}. The process is documented in the
<<saml-kibana-basic, SAML Guide>>

--

. *Symptoms:*
+
--

> No response ID values are being passed from {kib} to {es}

Reviewer: __nit:__ the issue here is that Kibana sends only SAML response to ES without accompanying SAML request ID since we lost session cookie (SAML request ID is stored in the session).  
```suggestion
No SAML request ID values are being passed from {kib} to {es}:
```

Author: ++

....
Caused by org.elasticsearch.ElasticsearchSecurityException: SAML content is in-response-to [_A1B2C3D4E5F6G8H9I0] but expected one of []
....

*Resolution:*

> Verify in your {kib} configuration that `xpack.security.sameSiteCookies` is not set to `Strict`.

Reviewer: __note:__ it would be great if we could give more details. Something along these lines:

> This error indicates that {es} received a SAML response tied to a particular SAML request, but {kib} didn't explicitly specify ID of that request. This usually means that {kib} cannot find user session where it previously stored the SAML request ID.

> To resolve this issue, ensure that ... `xpack.security.sameSiteCookies` is not set to `Strict`. ..... (the rest of the text)

> If you serve multiple {kib} installations behind a load balancer make sure that you use [the same security configuration](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/production.html#load-balancing-kibana) for all installations. 

What do you think?

Author: Definitely! Ill make the changes ✅

Reviewer: Looks good to me now, thanks! Let's run by ES Security team

{kib} in addition to using the SAML realm for Single Sign-On, you must enable
the `basic` `authProvider` in {kib}. The process is documented in the
<<saml-kibana-basic, SAML Guide>>

--

. *Symptoms:*
+
--
No SAML request ID values are being passed from {kib} to {es}:

....
Caused by org.elasticsearch.ElasticsearchSecurityException: SAML content is in-response-to [_A1B2C3D4E5F6G8H9I0] but expected one of []
....

*Resolution:*
This error indicates that {es} received a SAML response tied to a particular SAML request, but {kib}
didn't explicitly specify ID of that request. This usually means that {kib} cannot find the user session where
it previously stored the SAML request ID.

> To resolve this issue, ensure that in your {kib} configuration that `xpack.security.sameSiteCookies` is not set to `Strict`.

Reviewer: __typo:__ redundant `that`?
```suggestion
To resolve this issue, ensure that in your {kib} configuration `xpack.security.sameSiteCookies` is not set to `Strict`.
```
